Basic positive tests (happy paths)
1. Check if the correct value is obtained for correct value of symbol and base while using the latest data api.
2. Check if the correct value is obtained for correct value of symbol and base while using the timestamp data api.
3. As mentioned date can be passed from 1900 AD to current date. Check for boundary value date values.
4. Verify the output when symbol and bases is passed as None in the latest data api.
5. Verify the output when date is passed as None in the timestamp data api.
6. Validate payload.
7. Validate state: For GET requests, verify there is NO STATE CHANGE in the system.
8. Verification of code status:
   200 OK
   400 Bad Request
   500 Internal Server Error
   etc
9. Verify response time of api calls varies considerably.
10. Validate headers:	Verify that HTTP headers are as expected.
11. Positive + optional parameters: Execute API call with valid required parameters AND valid optional parameters.

Negative:
1. Try with correct value of symbol and non existent value of bases and check if proper error is displayed.
2. Try with correct value of base and non existent value of symbol and check if proper error is displayed.
3. Try with non existent value of base and non existent value of symbol and check if proper error is displayed.
4. Check with date passed in incorrect format and verify if the error is handled.
5. Pass the future date and check if the error is handled.

Performance sanity:
1. Check API response time, latency.
2. Try to run thousand queries per second and check the performance.


Destructive testing:
Intentionally attempt to fail the API to check its robustness:
1. Malformed content in request.
2. Wrong content-type in payload
3. Content with wrong structure.
4. Overflow payload – huge JSON in request body.
5. Boundary value testing
6. Empty payload.
7. Using incorrect HTTP headers (e.g. Content-Type).

Security and Authorization:
1. Check that the API is designed according to correct security principles.
2. Role Permissions: ensure that specific endpoints are exposed to user based on role.
3. Protocol: check HTTP/HTTPS according to spec
4. Data leaks: ensure that internal data representations that are desired to stay
    internal do not leak outside to the public API in the response payloads.
5. Rate limiting, throttling, and access control policies

Load Tests (positive), Stress Tests (negative):
1. Find capacity limit points and ensure the system performs as expected under load, and fails gracefully under stress.

Usability Tests:
1. A good documentation of public apis to ensure the usability of the API for users
 without prior knowledge of our system.


